# SBA-HTML-CSS-Javascript

This website is my submission for the SBA HTML/CSS/Javascript.

I chose to create the start of my bowling tracker site, which will be used for my case study project.
The page has been designed utilizing bootstrap to make the pages responsive. The majority of the layout is done using bootstrap columns.

It has the required 3 html pages:
 - login.html
 - games.html
 - account.html
 
None of the functionality persists at the moment, due to no database connection, so any changes made will be lost on a refresh.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Login.html 

Starting page which requires a username and password.  At the moment, they are hardcoded into a user array in the javascript.  
  User - rbaird
  password - Password1!
  
  The login page will validate the user and password via the validateUser() function
  The login page compare the password to a regex pattern and report if it doesnt match the pattern used. This is a password hint field. 
  
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 Games.html
 
 The games page is the main page of the site.  Here the user will be able to navigate between account details and games details via the top menu. 
 
 The page is split into 4 divisions:
 
  - add game
  - scroll game
  - graph 
  - game details
 
 The add game division will allow the user to add a game.  This will add the provided game details to the games array and update the graph accordingly.
 
 The game number is autogenerated and the field is locked.  The only other field that is required, is the game score.  The remaining fields are optional.
 When the user clicks on the Add Game button, the game score is validated to ensure that it is a number, and that it is an acceptable bowling score (0-300);
 The ball and location select fields are populated from hardcoded arrays. 
 
 The scroll game division will eventually allow the user to scroll through all of the games, or search for a specific game based on different criteria.
 This is currently not implemented and an under construction graphic is displayed.
 
 The graph and game details divisions work together. The graph division uses an SVG to draw a graph of the games currently hardcoded into a games array. 
 This graph scales and will repopulate the data if the user adds a new game to the array. (this functionality works, but the added data is lost on a refresh)
 Each data point on the graph can be hovered over, and this will display the game details for that specific game in the game details division.
(This element is where I chose to use a web font per the requirements)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Account.html

The account.html page is broken into 4 divisions and the navigation menu, each division displaying specific data.
  - User info
  - Friends
  - Bowling Balls
  - Locations
  
 The navigation menu is identical to the games details navigation menu, except for the change in colors to indicate the user is on that page.
 
 All data here is populated from hardcoded arrays.  The data is pretty straightforward.  Eventually balls, locations and friends divisions will be used to manage the lists.
 For now, since no changes can persist, they simply display data.
 
 The user details division utilizes a table (to meet the requirement).  The username element can be modified, to showcase the method for updating the data in the future.

